[Music]
[Music] Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of
Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of
Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold whose height was 60 cubits and its
gold whose height was 60 cubits and its
gold whose height was 60 cubits and its width 6 cubits.
width 6 cubits.
width 6 cubits. He set it up in the plain of Cura in the
He set it up in the plain of Cura in the
He set it up in the plain of Cura in the province of Babylon.
province of Babylon.
province of Babylon. And King Nebuchadnezzar sent word to
And King Nebuchadnezzar sent word to
And King Nebuchadnezzar sent word to gather together the satraps, the
gather together the satraps, the
gather together the satraps, the administrators, the governors, the
administrators, the governors, the
administrators, the governors, the counselors, the treasurers, the judges,
counselors, the treasurers, the judges,
counselors, the treasurers, the judges, the magistrates, and all the officials
the magistrates, and all the officials
the magistrates, and all the officials of the provinces to come to the
of the provinces to come to the
of the provinces to come to the dedication of the image which King
dedication of the image which King
dedication of the image which King Nebuchadnezzar had set up. So the
Nebuchadnezzar had set up. So the
Nebuchadnezzar had set up. So the satraps, the administrators, the
satraps, the administrators, the
satraps, the administrators, the governors, the counselors, the
governors, the counselors, the
governors, the counselors, the treasurers, the judges, the magistrates,
treasurers, the judges, the magistrates,
treasurers, the judges, the magistrates, and all the officials of the provinces
and all the officials of the provinces
and all the officials of the provinces gathered together for the dedication of
gathered together for the dedication of
gathered together for the dedication of the image that King Nebuchadnezzar had
the image that King Nebuchadnezzar had
the image that King Nebuchadnezzar had set up. And they stood before the image
set up. And they stood before the image
set up. And they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up. Then a
that Nebuchadnezzar had set up. Then a
that Nebuchadnezzar had set up. Then a herald cried aloud, "To you it is
herald cried aloud, "To you it is
herald cried aloud, "To you it is commanded, oh peoples, nations, and
commanded, oh peoples, nations, and
commanded, oh peoples, nations, and languages, that at the time you hear the
languages, that at the time you hear the
languages, that at the time you hear the sound of the horn, flute, harp, liar,
sound of the horn, flute, harp, liar,
sound of the horn, flute, harp, liar, and sulttery in symphony with all kinds
and sulttery in symphony with all kinds
and sulttery in symphony with all kinds of music, you shall fall down and
of music, you shall fall down and
of music, you shall fall down and worship the gold image that King Nephu
worship the gold image that King Nephu
worship the gold image that King Nephu had
had
had set up. and whoever does not fall down
set up. and whoever does not fall down
set up. and whoever does not fall down and worship shall be cast immediately
and worship shall be cast immediately
and worship shall be cast immediately into the midst of a burning fiery
into the midst of a burning fiery
into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
furnace.
furnace. So at that time when all the people
So at that time when all the people
So at that time when all the people heard the sound of the horn, flute,
heard the sound of the horn, flute,
heard the sound of the horn, flute, harp, and liar in symphony with all
harp, and liar in symphony with all
harp, and liar in symphony with all kinds of music, all the people, nations,
kinds of music, all the people, nations,
kinds of music, all the people, nations, and languages fell down and worshiped
and languages fell down and worshiped
and languages fell down and worshiped the gold image which King Nebuchadnezzar
the gold image which King Nebuchadnezzar
the gold image which King Nebuchadnezzar had set up.
had set up.
had set up. Therefore, at that time certain
Therefore, at that time certain
Therefore, at that time certain calaldanss came forward and accused the
calaldanss came forward and accused the
calaldanss came forward and accused the Jews.
Jews.
Jews. They spoke and said to King
They spoke and said to King
They spoke and said to King Nebuchadnezzar,
Nebuchadnezzar,
Nebuchadnezzar, "Oh king, live forever.
"Oh king, live forever.
"Oh king, live forever. You, O king, have made a decree that
You, O king, have made a decree that
You, O king, have made a decree that everyone who hears the sound of the
everyone who hears the sound of the
everyone who hears the sound of the horn, flute, harp, liar, and sultry in
horn, flute, harp, liar, and sultry in
horn, flute, harp, liar, and sultry in symphony with all kinds of music shall
symphony with all kinds of music shall
symphony with all kinds of music shall fall down and worship the gold image.
fall down and worship the gold image.
fall down and worship the gold image. And whoever does not fall down and
And whoever does not fall down and
And whoever does not fall down and worship shall be cast into the midst of
worship shall be cast into the midst of
worship shall be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
a burning fiery furnace.
a burning fiery furnace. There are certain Jews whom you have set
There are certain Jews whom you have set
There are certain Jews whom you have set over the affairs of the province of
over the affairs of the province of
over the affairs of the province of Babylon, Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego.
Babylon, Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego.
Babylon, Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego. These men, O king, have not paid due
These men, O king, have not paid due
These men, O king, have not paid due regard to you. They do not serve your
regard to you. They do not serve your
regard to you. They do not serve your gods or worship the gold image which you
gods or worship the gold image which you
gods or worship the gold image which you have set up."
have set up."
have set up." Then Nebuchadnezzar in rage and fury
Then Nebuchadnezzar in rage and fury
Then Nebuchadnezzar in rage and fury gave the command to bring Shadrach,
gave the command to bring Shadrach,
gave the command to bring Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego.
Mach, and Abednego.
Mach, and Abednego. So they brought these men before the
So they brought these men before the
So they brought these men before the king.
Is it true, Shadrach, Mack, and
Is it true, Shadrach, Mack, and Abednego, that you do not serve my gods
Abednego, that you do not serve my gods
Abednego, that you do not serve my gods or worship the gold image which I have
or worship the gold image which I have
or worship the gold image which I have set up?
set up?
set up? Now if you are ready at the time you
Now if you are ready at the time you
Now if you are ready at the time you hear the sound of the horn, flute, harp,
hear the sound of the horn, flute, harp,
hear the sound of the horn, flute, harp, liar and sulttery in symphony with all
liar and sulttery in symphony with all
liar and sulttery in symphony with all kinds of music and you fall down and
kinds of music and you fall down and
kinds of music and you fall down and worship the image which I have made.
worship the image which I have made.
worship the image which I have made. Good.
Good.
Good. But if you do not worship,
But if you do not worship,
But if you do not worship, you shall be cast immediately
you shall be cast immediately
you shall be cast immediately into the midst of a burning fiery
into the midst of a burning fiery
into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
furnace.
furnace. And who is the God who will deliver you
And who is the God who will deliver you
And who is the God who will deliver you from my hands?
from my hands?
from my hands? Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we have no need to
Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we have no need to
Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we have no need to answer you in this matter. If that is
answer you in this matter. If that is
answer you in this matter. If that is the case, our God whom we serve is able
the case, our God whom we serve is able
the case, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery
to deliver us from the burning fiery
to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us from
furnace, and he will deliver us from
furnace, and he will deliver us from your hand, oh king. But if not, let it
your hand, oh king. But if not, let it
your hand, oh king. But if not, let it be known to you, O king, that we do not
be known to you, O king, that we do not
be known to you, O king, that we do not serve your gods, nor will we worship the
serve your gods, nor will we worship the
serve your gods, nor will we worship the gold image which you have set up."
gold image which you have set up."
gold image which you have set up." Then Nebuchadnezzar was full of fury,
Then Nebuchadnezzar was full of fury,
Then Nebuchadnezzar was full of fury, and the expression on his face changed
and the expression on his face changed
and the expression on his face changed toward Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego. He
toward Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego. He
toward Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego. He spoke and commanded that they heat the
spoke and commanded that they heat the
spoke and commanded that they heat the furnace seven times more than it was
furnace seven times more than it was
furnace seven times more than it was usually heated. And he commanded certain
usually heated. And he commanded certain
usually heated. And he commanded certain mighty men of valor who were in his army
mighty men of valor who were in his army
mighty men of valor who were in his army to bind Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego,
to bind Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego,
to bind Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego, and cast them into the burning fiery
and cast them into the burning fiery
and cast them into the burning fiery furnace. Then these men were bound in
furnace. Then these men were bound in
furnace. Then these men were bound in their coats, their trousers, their
their coats, their trousers, their
their coats, their trousers, their turbons, and their other garments, and
turbons, and their other garments, and
turbons, and their other garments, and were cast into the midst of the burning
were cast into the midst of the burning
were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace.
fiery furnace.
fiery furnace. Therefore, because the king's command
Therefore, because the king's command
Therefore, because the king's command was urgent, and the furnace exceedingly
was urgent, and the furnace exceedingly
was urgent, and the furnace exceedingly hot, the flame of the fire killed those
hot, the flame of the fire killed those
hot, the flame of the fire killed those men who took up Shadrach, Meach, and
men who took up Shadrach, Meach, and
men who took up Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego.
And these three men, Shadrach, Mach, and
And these three men, Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego, fell down bound into the midst
Abednego, fell down bound into the midst
Abednego, fell down bound into the midst of the burning fiery furnace.
of the burning fiery furnace.
of the burning fiery furnace. Then King Nebuchadnezzar was astonished.
Then King Nebuchadnezzar was astonished.
Then King Nebuchadnezzar was astonished. And he rose in haste and spoke, saying
And he rose in haste and spoke, saying
And he rose in haste and spoke, saying to his counselors, "Did we not cast
to his counselors, "Did we not cast
to his counselors, "Did we not cast three men bound into the midst of the
three men bound into the midst of the
three men bound into the midst of the fire?" True. O king. Look, I see four
fire?" True. O king. Look, I see four
fire?" True. O king. Look, I see four men loose walking in the midst of the
men loose walking in the midst of the
men loose walking in the midst of the fire,
fire,
fire, and they are not hurt. And the form of
and they are not hurt. And the form of
and they are not hurt. And the form of the fourth is like the son of God. Then
the fourth is like the son of God. Then
the fourth is like the son of God. Then Nebuchadnezzar went near the mouth of
Nebuchadnezzar went near the mouth of
Nebuchadnezzar went near the mouth of the burning fiery furnace and spoke.
the burning fiery furnace and spoke.
the burning fiery furnace and spoke. Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego,
Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego,
Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego, servants of the most high God,
servants of the most high God,
servants of the most high God, come out
come out
come out and come here."
and come here."
and come here." Then Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego came
Then Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego came
Then Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego came from the midst of the fire.
from the midst of the fire.
from the midst of the fire. And the satraps, administrators,
And the satraps, administrators,
And the satraps, administrators, governors, and the king's counselors
governors, and the king's counselors
governors, and the king's counselors gathered together. And they saw these
gathered together. And they saw these
gathered together. And they saw these men on whose bodies the fire had no
men on whose bodies the fire had no
men on whose bodies the fire had no power. The hair of their head was not
power. The hair of their head was not
power. The hair of their head was not singed, nor were their garments
singed, nor were their garments
singed, nor were their garments affected, and the smell of fire was not
affected, and the smell of fire was not
affected, and the smell of fire was not on them.
on them.
on them. Nebuchadnezzar spoke, "Blessed be the
Nebuchadnezzar spoke, "Blessed be the
Nebuchadnezzar spoke, "Blessed be the God of Shadrach,
God of Shadrach,
God of Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego, who sent his angel
Meek, and Abednego, who sent his angel
Meek, and Abednego, who sent his angel and delivered his servants who trusted
and delivered his servants who trusted
and delivered his servants who trusted in him."
in him."
in him." And they have frustrated the king's word
And they have frustrated the king's word
And they have frustrated the king's word and yielded their bodies that they
and yielded their bodies that they
and yielded their bodies that they should not serve nor worship any god
should not serve nor worship any god
should not serve nor worship any god except their own god.
except their own god.
except their own god. Therefore, I make a decree that any
Therefore, I make a decree that any
Therefore, I make a decree that any people, nation, or language which speaks
people, nation, or language which speaks
people, nation, or language which speaks anything a miss against the God of
anything a miss against the God of
anything a miss against the God of Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego shall be
Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego shall be
Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego shall be cut in pieces, and their houses shall be
cut in pieces, and their houses shall be
cut in pieces, and their houses shall be made an ash heap, because there is no
made an ash heap, because there is no
made an ash heap, because there is no other God who can deliver like this."
other God who can deliver like this."
other God who can deliver like this." Then the king promoted Shadrach, Mach,
Then the king promoted Shadrach, Mach,
Then the king promoted Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego in the province of Babylon.
and Abednego in the province of Babylon.
and Abednego in the province of Babylon. [Music]